Proprietary multivesicular Liposome technology
or PMVL is an advanced drug delivery platform
that encapsulates active agents
with without altering their molecular structure
and then consistently releases the encapsulated drug over a
desired period of time.
PMVL can encapsulate an array
of therapeutic agents across the molecular weight
and structural spectrum,
and provides the potential
to treat a wide variety of conditions.
The proprietary multivesicular liposomes encapsulate the
active agent and are composed of naturally occurring lipids,
which have been shown to be biocompatible and safe.
PMVL suspensions are provided ready to use.
They require no reconstitution or dilution,
although they may be diluted if desired,
at the discretion of the clinician.
PVL suspensions can accommodate the addition
of an active agent external to the liposomes
with the potential to provide an immediate
therapeutic effect.
Given the low viscosity of the PMVL suspensions,
they can be administered using small gauge
needles in vivo.
Studies have shown that PMVL suspensions can be administered
by virtually any root, including subcutaneous,
intramuscular, intraperitoneal, intrathecal
epidural, and ocular Following administration.
The proprietary multivesicular liposomes release the drug
consistently and slowly at the site of administration,
so optimal local concentrations can be achieved
with minimal systemic exposure.
This differential in drug exposure between the target tissue
and the systemic circulation results in a large
therapeutic window.
Flexible sustained release technology
that can encapsulate an array of therapeutics
to treat innumerable conditions, innovative,
customizable, long-acting.
The possibility of proprietary multivesicular liposome,
PVL technology.
Yours to imagine
Indication XPRL is indicated
to produce post-surgical local analgesia via infiltration in
patients aged six years and older
and regional analgesia in adults via an intra galine
brachial plexus nerve block,
sciatic nerve block in the papal fossa
and an adductor canal block.
Safety and efficacy have not been
established in other nerve blocks.
Important safety information,
ex parel is contraindicated in
obstetrical paracervical block.
Anesthesia. Adverse reactions reported in adults
with an incidence greater than
or equal to 10% following XL administration via infiltration
were nausea, constipation, and vomiting.
Adverse reactions reported in adults
with an incidence greater than
or equal to 10% following XL administration via nerve block
were nausea, pyrexia, headache and constipation.
Adverse reactions with an incidence greater than
or equal to 10% following EXPAREL
administration via infiltration.
In pediatric patients, six to less than 17 years
of age were nausea, vomiting, constipation, hypotension,
anemia, muscle twitching, vision blurred pruritus,
and tachycardia do not add mixed lidocaine
or other non bupivocaine Local anesthetics
with exparel Xprl may be administered at
least 20 minutes or more.
Following local administration of lidocaine.
XPRL is not recommended
to be used in the following patient populations.
Patients less than six years old for infiltration
patients younger than 18 years old for nerve blocks and
or pregnant patients
because MI type local anesthetics such
as bupivacaine are metabolized by the liver.
Xprl should be used cautiously in
patients with hepatic disease.
Warnings and precautions specific
to xprl avoid additional use
of local anesthetics within 96 hours following
administration of xper.
L is not recommended for the following types
or roots of administration.
Epidural intrathecal regional nerve blocks other than intra
scale, brachial plexus nerve block,
sciatic nerve block in the papal fossa
and an adductor canal block or intravascular
or intraarticular use.
The potential sensory and
or motor loss with EXPAREL is temporary and varies in degree
and duration depending on the site of injection
and dosage administered
and may last for up to five days as seen in clinical trials.
Warnings and precautions for bane containing products.
Central nervous system. CNS reactions.
There have been reports of adverse neurologic reactions
with the use of local anesthetics.
These include persistent anesthesia and paraesthesia.
CNS reactions are characterized
by excitation and or depression.
Cardiovascular system reactions,
toxic blood concentrations depress cardiac conductivity
and excitability, which may lead to dysrhythmias,
sometimes leading to death.
Allergic reactions, allergic type reactions. For example.
Anaphylaxis and angioedema are rare
and may occur as a result of hypersensitivity
to the local anesthetic or to other formulation ingredients.
Chondro lysis. There have been reports
of chondro lysis mostly in the shoulder joint following
intraarticular infusion of local anesthetics,
which is an unapproved use.
Met Hemoglobinemia cases
of Met hemoglobinemia have been reported
with local anesthetic use.
Full prescribing information is available@xperpro.com.
For more information, please visit x perel pro.com
or call 1-855-793-NINE 7 2 7.